What are you doing?
Shadow boxing.
I've been hooked on boxing ever
since you lent me that Ippo show.
I probably shouldn't have showed her that.
Senpai...
Be my sparring partner!
I-I can't box!
It's fine!
You just have to stand there.
Like a punching bag?!
Boxers aren't supposed to
hit anyone outside the ring.
I know that.
I'll stop right before I hit you.
Like this!
Come on. You can hit me back.
What am I supposed to do?!
Come on, come on!
Senpai!
H-Hey! You're h-hitting me!
S-Sorry!
Sh-She's going to beat me to death.
Of course you would put me in a
clinch right off the bat, Senpai.
So that happened.
Who does he think he is,
putting me in a clinch?
It's so creepy, it's hilarious.
Clinch!
So skeevy.
Huh?
The clinch is a perfectly
fine fighting technique.
Still, it's pervy.
I want to give him the clinch, too!
I don't know about clinching...
but I might want to try pinning him.
I give! I give!
Pinning isn't a thing in boxing.
Just a little!
No!
All right, let's go spar with Paisen.
Sparring!
Yay!
Hold it!
What's wrong?
You're not supposed to hit
anyone outside the ring.
Um, what about you?
I know how to hold back.
I'll hold back, too.
Art Room
Senpai, run away!
Paisen! Let's spar!
Clinch!
Pincer!
Wha?!
Senpai, I'll take care of this!
Wanna go?
Go, go!
She sounds badass, but...
I bet this was her fault, wasn't it?
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
Senpai's Such a Closet Perv!!
I'm so tired...
I need healing.
I need my oasis.
I'll go draw in the club room in peace.
Art Room
I'll draw.
Seriously?!
A nude! A nude!
Let me see.
I'm buck naked!
Put some clothes on me.
But it's art.
It's Senpai!
My oasis...
'Sup?
is being occupied.
Why'd you come to my club
room just to make a racket?
Well, we usually hang out
in the dining hall,
but there's been this annoying
group lately that won't shut up.
Hey, could you keep it down a bit?
Sure, sure.
There.
Bam.
They pretend to listen,
then they go right back to it.
They're so annoying.
So we decided to chill here instead.
This is the art room!
I'm surprised, though.
I didn't think you'd back
down without a fight.
I thought you would have
made them shut up.
You don't get it, Senpai.
There's a better way to handle
it than doing it directly.
Yup.
A better way?
We sent in a saboteur.
Dude, why wouldn't you save?!
Why would I?
Hey, hey...
What are you guys up to?
Gaming?
Teach me! Teach me!
Wow!
You're too good at teaching.
N-Nah, I'm not, really.
You're so good.
Let's play by ourselves sometime.
Sure, I guess.
You're so awesome.
I think I might fall for you.
Y-Yeah?
Hey, hey, are you in a relationship?
N-No, I'm not.
Give it a week, and the group will implode!
Then we'll be back in the dining hall.
So don't worry, Paisen.
Men are pitiful creatures, always at
the mercy of their own horniness.
So sad!
I need to make sure I never
get on their bad side.
Senpai doesn't seem horny, though.
He's the very picture of an herbivore.
A sheep?!
Nah.
Senpai's horny as hell.
He gets all red as soon as you
tease him even just a little.
Wh-What are you...
Senpai, want me to kiss you?
Wh-What...
Just kidding.
See?
He's beet red thinking
I was about to kiss him!
Senpai's such a closet perv.
Nah, he's just acting
awkward like all virgins do.
He's an herbivore!
He has no libido!
None!
He does, too!
Nope.
He does!
Yes, he does!
Ow!
Want to make a bet, then?
A bet?
Senpai is hiding...
dirty books in this room!
Huh?!
If I find it, I win.
The loser has to buy pancakes.
That sounds fun.
Challenge accepted.
Y-You're not going to find any dirty books!
That was a suspicious reaction.
Announcer
What do you think, commentator Gamo-chan?
He's clean.
Paisen is just acting sus, like usual.
No!
He's freaking out because
I'm about to find his dirty books!
What's your take?
No way.
It's not possible.
Yes, it is!
I'm going to find it!
I kind of do have a dirty book.
It's called Paraiso Harem.
It's an ongoing series in what's, technically,
a young adult magazine, but really...
It's basically hentai manga.
I just enjoy Yagami Rintarou-sensei's beautiful
artwork and the orthodox fantasy plot.
I'm definitely not reading
it for the sexy stuff.
And I keep it...
...in the prep room next door.
So there are no dirty books in this room.
It's been about fifteen minutes.
She's just wasting time looking for it.
I'm sure he has something!
Just admit it.
Paisen's an herbivore.
Herbivore!
Why don't you give up, already?
Paisen's a sheep.
Sheep!
Too bad for you, Nagatoro!
You'd never find dirty books here.
It's a dirty book!
Perv! Creep! Perv! Creep!
Oh, no! Stop it!
Let's go.
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
There's No Way Creepy Senpai Could Go on a Proper Date!!
'Sup, Senpai?
'Sup?
An earring.
You're drawing lame stuff again.
This?
What do you think?
I-I think it looks good.
Thanks, Senpai.
I haven't had anything in lately,
and the pierce started healing.
I reopened it with this.
That sounds painful.
It's not painful at all.
A little prick, maybe.
Wh-What?
Want to try getting your
ears pierced too, Senpai?
Do you afraid of pain?
No, it's not even about the pain.
It'd be so weird for someone
like me to have an earring!
See?
Nah, it wouldn't be weird.
You could wear it just when you're
inside, if you're embarrassed.
A matching earring.
Matching earrings.
Well?
Don't move. It's dangerous.
Don't worry.
It's just a little prick...
W-Wait!
She opened a hole.
I've been defiled...
by Nagatoro!
Submit!
Huh?
I just pinched you!
Wait, you seem a bit disappointed, Senpai.
No, not really.
Do you really want a piercing?
Ow, ow, ow!
I-I don't!
Senpai-kun, help me.
Family
Restaurant
A stalker?
Yeah.
You were trolling that club,
and one of them started
following you around like a stalker?
That's bad.
Yeah, bad.
He's still doing it.
Oh, man!
I'm scared!
What do you think, Paisen?
You guys did it to yourselves.
This is what you get for
messing with people's heads.
Look, Paisen made her cry.
Hey...
Senpai-kun, could you do something for me?
Could you pretend to be my boyfriend?
I think he might give up
if he saw us flirting.
Wh-Why should I?
I'm single right now.
You're about the only person
I can ask to do that.
B-But...
P-Pretend to be your boyfriend?
Why not?
Paisen would be harmless.
Totally harmless!
No, he's not.
He's super harmful.
He's like a harmful insect.
Let this creepy senpai pretend
to be your boyfriend,
and forget about losing your stalker...
You'll have twice as many!
No!
That's crazy talk!
I'd never do such a thing!
Then could you please
pretend to be my boyfriend?
Sure, I guess.
I couldn't really say no...
But what are you supposed to do on a date?
I mean, I guess it's just pretend.
We can just wander around.
Senpai-kun.
Sorry, were you waiting long?
No, not really.
Okay, let's go.
S-Sure.
Senpai-kun, are you nervous?
N-Not really.
Don't worry.
I'll take the lead today.
The lead?
Paisen's awkward as hell.
Isn't this the kind of thing you might
see in those anime shows Paisen likes?
Totally!
For some reason, they have
to pretend to be on a date.
But...
But the act becomes real,
things start heating up, and...
And...
What they thought were
fake feelings become...
An actual date!
A date!
There's no way he could
make it a proper date!
Why so mad?
I'm not mad!
About that thing I asked you...
Are you sure you're okay with it?
What do you mean?
Isn't there anyone you
want to go on a date with?
N-Not really.
Yeah?
S-Speaking of which, where's the stalker?
I haven't seen him.
Ow! Ow!
Nagatoro!
When did that happen?!
I'm sorry!
I won't do it anymore!
Forgive me!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Now we can end this charade.
Yeah...
What are you doing?!
You ruined it!
It's better to solve the problem
sooner rather than later, right?
But the photo ops!
The photo ops!
What photo ops?!
I'm out!
I'm sorry! I won't do it again!
Okay, let's go home.
Okay!
Let's go home, Senpai.
Yeah.
Sucks to be you, Senpai.
There goes your much-anticipated first date.
I-It's fine.
It was just pretend, anyway.
That's one less thing to worry about.
Yeah, right!
You were having pervy thoughts, weren't you?
Like, you lock arms with her,
her breast touches you, and if you're lucky,
you might even lose your virginity.
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What are you talking about?!
Pervert!
You're such a pervert, Senpai!
Th-That would have never happened!
You're not ready for going on dates, are you?
I guess you're right.
You're so gross, Senpai.
Points of improvement for today!
Senpai, I heard you cheated
on the dirty book hunt.
Cheater!
No, I...
Why don't you two go out already?
Let's go home, Yoshi.
Roger!
Wait, at least toy with me or something!